Version 1.2a (11/11/2025)
   a) For clarity, re-ordered "monthly/daily" prompt in Sampling
     (samp) and Attribution (atrb) Tools. 

   b) Added contributions from time-mean forcing and time-mean initial
      condition (run mean_ALL) to Attribution Tool (atrb).

   c) Created MATLAB version of emu_plot.

   d) Added option to emu_setup.sh for setting up emu_plot and its
      input without installing other elements of EMU.

   e) Fixed bug that caused Forward Gradient (fgrd) and Adjoint (adj)
      Tools to crash when model integration period exceeded period of
      available forcing.

   f) Revised EMU input download (emu_input_install.sh called by
      emu_setup.sh); 1) check downloaded content, 2) minimize chance
      of overloading system by pausing (wait). In 1), content is
      checked against a master list by shell script
      misc_check_input.sh, which is invoked by emu_input_install.sh.

   g) Folded initial condition and mixing parameter control
      adjustments to corresponding pickup and mixing coefficient
      files (cf setup_forcing.sh) for consistency. 


Version 1.1a (05/08/2025)
   a) Added sampling of control (forcing) to Sampling Tool (samp). 

   b) Can start model integration from the beginning of any year
      (1992-2017) for Forward Gradient (fgrd) and Adjoint (adj) Tools,
      and not just from 1992.

   c) Added volume transport as a menu-driven choice for objective
      function for Sampling (samp), Adjoint (adj), and Attribution
      (atrb) Tools.

   d) Added Auxiliary Tool (aux), a collection of tools that
      generates examples of what other EMU Tools employ as user input,
      as Tool 9. This includes replacement files for the Modified
      Simulation Tool (msim);
       - Specify model integration period (start and duration), 
       - Specify diagnostic state output (variable and its sampling), 
       - Replace forcing with its time-mean,
       - Replace model initial condition with the state's time-mean,
       - Specify the end state from another simulation as the initial
         condition for another simulation. 
     
   d) Revised Modified Simulation Tool (msim) to copy all files from
      the user directory to the Tool's run directory, allowing, for
      example, starting the model integration from the end state of
      another integration.
   
   f) Allow Forward Gradient Tool (fgrd) to use runs other than the
      ECCO estimate (emu_ref) as a reference, such as results of the
      Modified Simulation Tool (msim). This option allows the Foward
      Gradient Tool to compare simulations started from the same year
      to minimize numerical errors associated with restarting the
      model from different years.

   g) Revised EMU Input File download scripts (emu_input_install.sh,
      emu_input_install_4batch.sh);
         - Download in parallel as background jobs, 
         - Only download new files (-N) and resume partial downloads
           (-c). 

   h) Created script misc_comp_dirs.sh to check contents of EMU Input
      Files.
       
